Update advanced-features.md (#12198)
MicrosoftDocs/microsoft-365-docs: microsoft-365/security/defender-endpoint/advanced-features.md

## Office 365 Threat Intelligence connection

> [!IMPORTANT]
> This setting was used when Microsoft Defender for Office 365 and Microsoft Defender for Endpoint were in different portals previously. After the convergence of security experiences into a unified portal that is now called Microsoft 365 Defender, these settings are irrelevant and don't have any functionality associated with them. You can safely ignore the status of the control until it is removed from the portal.

> This feature is only available if you've an active Office 365 E5 or the Threat Intelligence add-on. For more information, see the Office 365 Enterprise E5 product page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This feature is only available if you have an active Office 365 E5 or the Threat Intelligence add-on. For more information, see the Office 365 Enterprise E5 product page.

```
